OK,
guys.
Now,
this is just a clarification lesson when we using v look ups and everything we've looked at
at the moment,
we've always started looking in column A because column A just happens to have have the
unique index that we're looking up.
I look up value has always lived in column I now the important thing with the look abs is
that whatever you're looking up,
your look of value must appear in the first column of your data table.
Your data table need not necessarily begin a column.
A.
So just to clarify that point,
I'm just going to do another simple the look up here.
I'm just going to copy that cell and paste it in here.
And this is going to be our look up values.
So what,
we're gonna look up is five anywhere road on.
What we're going to do in here is,
uh Well,
look up the other added a new column at the end that says door color.
So each of these houses each of these addresses has a different door color down here.
So what we're gonna do is gonna right?
We're going to write another simple V look up.
So V Look up,
Open brackets.
We're gonna point at this self.
We're not gonna drag it anywhere.
So we don't have to absolute sole reference it so we can leave it be 13 comma now,
because I unique index,
I'll look up.
Value appears in this column.
What we're gonna do is we're gonna highlight here so you can see we've missed out column A
completely.
Because what we're looking up now appears in our second column on the sheet.
But because of highlighted this area,
this is the first column in our data table data array,
which is in beat 11 to G 11.
So comma now the column index number is 123456 Because that's where our door color lives.
Comma six comer on.
We want to find an exact match,
so we're gonna type false and hit.
Enter.
So they go.
Now we can see that we haven't used column A.
Our data table has begun a column B,
which is where Index lives on day five.
Anywhere road has an orange door.
So if we just highlight that line five anywhere road does indeed have an orange door.
If we change that to number to anywhere road.
We can see that number to know.
Paul's a yellow road on number two indeed has a yellow front door.
I think I said Road,
then Salah go just for clarification.
As long as the first column in your data array,
your data table has the value that you're going to be looking up.
That's perfectly fine.
It doesn't always have to start in column A.
Okay,
now that's cleared up.
Let's move on to the next lecture.